
# # Αbstract
As the Web is evolving in order to manage the continuously increasing volume of data, web applications are becoming more automated and smarter. Due to the contribution of Semantic Web technologies the computers are able to understand the context of documents and handle them as documents and as datasets.
The current work is engaging with the implementation of Semantic Web technologies to cultural data. Main goal is the semantic integration and interconnection of data that are developed through documentation process of artworks and cultural heritage objects. This is accomplished by using technologies which are current standards of the semantic web (RDF, OWL, SPARQL) and widely accepted models and vocabularies, relevant to the cultural domain (DC, SKOS, Europeana Data Model). 
A set of specialized tools which contains, KARMA, OpenRefine and RDF-Gen is being used and evaluated in order to achieve semantic integration of data from heterogeneous sources. Interconnection is achieved by the use of specialized tools Silk and OpenRefine, that discover links between entities, that interconnect local dataset and external data sources, such as DBpedia and Wikidata. Finally, a web application was designed and developed in order to explore the integrated data and interlink them further with the data sources of DBpedia και Europeana. The application was developed with JavaScript framework React.js and the infrastructure is based on the Apache Jena Fuseki server and TDB triple store.
Keywords: cultural data, semantic data integration, linked open data, RDF, SPARQL, EDM, Europeana, KARMA, OpenRefine, RDF-Gen, Silk, Apache Jena Fuseki, TDB, React.js


